Add module to facilitate purchasing product on weight but managed on other u.m. (#746)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_product_weight/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Create a product of type consumable or product with:

* a value in field 'weight';
* set True on field 'compute_price_on_weight';
* add a Seller with a price.

Then create a purchase order with the product created, unit price will be
computed with: 'seller price' * 'product weight'.

As weight can variate, a computed field 'total weight' will be added to
purchase order line, and if this value is changed the unit price will be
re-computed on 'total weight' / 'product qty'.

> In this way, all other logic remains untouched, but the user can have a simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, all other logic remains untouched, but the user can have a simple
```

> solution to manage product with price on weight but with a different u.m. on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
solution to manage product with price on weight but with a different unit of measure on
```
Note: IMO, u.m. abbrev is not common, at least on my country. May be we can use the full word instead?
